---
templateKey: blog-post
title: Biscuits
date: 2019-03-08T04:31:30.337Z
thumbnail: /img/biscuits.jpg
description: Amazing gluten free biscuits
tags:
  - comfort British
---
# Ingredients

* 2 cups All-Purpose Gluten Free Flour
* 1 teaspoon Xanthan Gum
* 1 teaspoon Fine Sea Salt
* 2 1/2 teaspoons Baking Powder
* 6 tablespoons Butter, Cubed and cold
* 3/4 cup Milk
* 1 tablespoon white vinegar

# Method

Preheat the oven to 425°F.

1. Measure out milk and place into a bowl, add vinegar and let sit for 5 minutes to make buttermilk. 
2. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, xanthan gum, salt and baking powder. Use a pastry cutter to cut the butter into the flour mixture until it resembles coarse cornmeal.
3. Stir in the milk until incorporated. You may need an additional 1-2 tablespoons of milk to insure all the flour is moistened. Form the dough into a ball and knead about 10 times in the bowl.
4. Roll the dough out on a floured board to desired thickness (biscuits will not rise much while baking). I roll the dough to about 1 ½ - 2 inches thick. Use a 2 inch biscuit cutter to cut the biscuits. Gently re-roll dough as needed.
5. Place biscuits on an ungreased baking sheet and refrigerate for 30 minutes (uncovered) before baking. You can also make the dough a few hours ahead of time and leave refrigerated until ready to bake.
6. After 30 minutes chilling, bake 12-15 minutes or until done (cooking time will depend on thickness of the biscuit). Serve warm.
7. Store leftovers in an air-tight container or bag overnight or freeze.

Recipe inspired by: <https://www.whattheforkfoodblog.com/2015/05/04/gluten-free-biscuits/>
