---
templateKey: blog-post
title: Phad Thai
date: 2019-03-11T03:16:29.113Z
thumbnail: /img/phad-thai2.jpg
description: 'Closest attempt, yet to be perfected....'
tags:
  - Thai
  - Comfort
---
# Ingredients

* 8 oz semi-fresh rice noodles or 4 oz dried rice noodles
* 2-4 skinless, boneless chicken thighs cut into chunks
* 6-8 prawns, peeled and de-veined 
* 1/2 block of tofu cut into cubes
* 1/2 shallot
* 2 oz Thai preserved sweet radish (optional)
* 2 oz garlic chives
* 4 oz beansprouts, plus more for garnish
* 1/4 cup roasted peanuts, plus more for garnish
* 2 eggs
* 3 Tbs cooking oil, plus more if needed
* Lime wedges
* Green onion
* Thai chilies 
* Sauce
  * 6 Tbs fish sauce
  * 9 Tbs palm sugar (you can use regular sugar)
  * 6-8 tbsp tamarind paste
  * 1/4 cup cold water, plus more if needed
  * 1 to 2 tsp Thai sriracha or dried Thai chili (optional)

# Method

1. If using dry rice noodles, put them in a pot with hot sink water and set aside to let cook
2. Prepare your meat and prawns, set aside
3. Chop 1/2 the shallot, set aside
4. Chop tofu into blocks, set aside
5. Chop sweet radish, set aside
6. Chop garlic chives , set aside
7. Wash bean sprouts, set aside
8. Chop roasted peanuts, set aside
9. Beat 2 eggs in a bowl, set aside
10. Heat wok with 1 tbsp of cooking oil
11. Once hot, add chicken and prawns. Cook 3/4 through, remove from wok and set aside
12. Add another tbsp oil to the wok, add tofu and fry until golden brown
13. Add shallot and preserved radish, stir fry for 1-2 minutes
14. Add noodles and sauce, stir until combined. If the mixture looks dry, add 2 tbsp of water to the wok
15. Push wok contents to the side, add a little more oil in the free spot. Add the eggs, wait a minute or so for the eggs to cook through a bit. Occasionally stir egg side of the wok until the eggs are fully cooked and fluffy
16. Add garlic chives, beansprouts, chopped peanuts, cooked chicken and prawns stir together, let cook 1-2 minutes
17. Serve with bean sprouts, chopped peanuts, Thai chilies, green onion, and lime wedges
